Translate "Radioknapp" into "Radio button" (#569)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/design/guidelines/components/radiobutton/_index.en.md

---
title: Radio button
description: Radio buttons are used in cases where the user is picking one of a group of options. The same applies to drop-down lists, so be conscious about which you choose to use. 
weight: 60
---

### Radio buttons are picked when:

> - you don't have too many choices 
> - comparing choices should be easy
> - you want the user to consider all alternatives
> - the choices are unknown to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't have too many choices (max 7)
- There is no obvious recommended choice
- You want the user to consider and compare all alternatives
```
